Person 1 (Alex): Alex is an intermediate skateboarder.  He loves to skate when he travels for work, so hes always trying to look up photos/videos of people skating in the areas hes going.
Hes travelling to Vancouver, and he really wants to get some great skate footage while hes there.  


He dowloads TailTap.io and finds a map on the main page.  He finds the general area near his hotel on the app and sees that there are 2
skateparks and 5 street spots within 10 minutes skate of his hotel.  


He really wants to skate bowl this weekend so he uses a filter bar tools
filter for locations with bowl features, which narrows it down to the 2 parks.  Alex is autistic, so loud, busy parks are not his thing.
He sees that one of the 2 parks has the highest rating for "business" at this time and the average skill level is listed as "high".  Alex
decides to skate at the other park instead, which has a rating of "quiet" with an average skill level of "intermediate".  He gets there,
and enjoys himself skating the bowl and taking photos of the cool graphiti.  He makes a new friend at the skatepark and thay add each other on TailTap
and Instagram.  Alex and his new friend film each other skating the bowl and post it on tailtap under the park's page for the next friends to find.


2) Person 2(Devon): Devon has never skateboarded before.  They think it looks really fun, and they got a skateboard for their birthday, but
they are not sure of where to begin, or where to go where they can practice.  They download the TailTap.io app and look for skatespots in their
area.  They find a skatespot with a good reviews for beginners, so they go to the spot page.  They find that there is an LGBTQAI+ group
for beginners that meets there every sunday.  Excited to meat new friends, Devon finds the queer group admins on instagram through TailTap
and messages them asking if anyone in the group knows ASL.  The admin informs them that they don't have anyone in the group that is deaf, but
they know a really awesome deaf skateboarder in New York that has some awesome footage.  Devon adds this person on TailTap and messages them
saying they are starting out and really excited.  Devon is excited to go to the next skate meetup and start trying some of the tricks they
have seen their new friend doing on TailTap in New York.


3) Person 3(Naaba): Naaba is in her 50's lives in Vancouver with teenage kids.  Her son loves skateboarding, and she has started standing on 
the skateboard while her son holds her hands when he brings out the skateboard to the living room.  She really likes the feeling of balancing
 on the board, and how fluid she feels moving back and forth between turns while she laughs with her son.  
 She would love to be able to skateboard with him on her street, but she has never seen anyone that looks like her on a skateboard, 
 and she doesnt know if she has the right shoes.
 Her son recommends the TailTap app, and she downloads it onto her phone.  She looks up spots in her area, and sees a local skatepark that
 has great reviews for beginners.  She notices that a few of the videos from the spot are posted by another woman in the area that looks
 about her age.  She messages the woman on TailTap and it turns out, she is also a mom in the area who has been skating for years.  Nabaa
 makes fast friends with the other skate mom who makes sure Naaba gets all the gear she needs, and they meet up each saturday afternoon 
 to have lunch and practice skateboarding together at the park.  Naaba doesn't like to do tricks, but thouroughly enjoys 
 cruising around the park while her friend tries new tricks.  Each week, they post new pictures at the park together, and 2 weeks ago, 
 another mom decided to join them after Naaba told her how much fun they were having.
